---
description: >-
  DC Swing! Is the D.C. Different Drummers’ swing and jazz band. DC Swing!
  performs at numerous venues in the National Capital Region, including in
  recent years at the Capital Hill Arts Workshop, DC’s Capital Pride Festival, U
  Street’s Twins Jazz, Eastern Market’s Mr. Henry’s, and Old Town Alexandria’s
  Torpedo Factory, along with other events, swing dances, and holiday concerts
  held in conjunction with the Capital Pride Symphonic Band. We have a
  particular love for the Big Band Era repertoire, and are available for hire at
  private events.
dateModified: '2016-06-17T18:47:22.425Z'
datePublished: '2016-06-17T18:49:56.932Z'
title: DC Swing!
author: []
starred: false
sourcePath: _posts/2016-06-17-dc-swing.md
inFeed: true
hasPage: false
inNav: false
_type: MediaObject

---
# DC Swing!

DC Swing! Is the D.C. Different Drummers' swing and jazz band. DC Swing! performs at numerous venues in the National Capital Region, including in recent years at the Capital Hill Arts Workshop, DC's Capital Pride Festival, U Street's Twins Jazz, Eastern Market's Mr. Henry's, and Old Town Alexandria's Torpedo Factory, along with other events, swing dances, and holiday concerts held in conjunction with the Capital Pride Symphonic Band. We have a particular love for the Big Band Era repertoire, and are available for hire at private events.

Rehearsals are held in fall, winter, and spring, at Capital Hill's Lutheran Church of the Reformation every Wednesday evening from 7:00 p.m. to 9:30 p.m. Please e-mail[DCSwing@DCDD.org][0] for more information.

## Director

### Matt Leonhardt, Director

Matt Leonhardt has been DCDD's director of jazz ensembles since June, 2012\. His background is in leading musical ensembles, teaching jazz and improvisation, giving clinics to and performing with big bands, and composing and arranging. In addition to jazz, he has also composed and arranged for, and conducted many traditional ensembles such as chamber ensembles, choruses, wind ensemble and orchestra. He holds a Bachelor of Music in Music Composition from the University of Hawaii.

Matt has been a jazz musician since an early age and has been fortunate to study and perform with some of the greats, including Frank Mantooth, Fred Radke, Doc Severinsen, Don Ho, and many others. As an arranger, his works have been commissioned and performed by the United States Marine Corps, Army National Guard, Music Foundation of Hawai'i, the Adolescents, and others.

[0]: mailto:DCSwing@dcdd.org